Kevin Connolly: But… the… In the spirit of thinking about how to…
Kevin Connolly: land a job, and get a job, it's really about that judgment that occurs at the top of funnel, from the kind of perspective. Is your resume sufficient,
Kevin Connolly: this screening thing that I mentioned is kind of a challenge, like, people using AI in the interview process, recruiting teams want. There's a little bit of a philosophy debate here, where some teams are very forward when they say, like, please use AI in our interview process. You will use it as an employee, so you can use it during the interview.
Kevin Connolly: just, like, let us know. And I actually want to judge how you use AI as a tool. And then other teams that'll say.
Kevin Connolly: We know you will use AI here, but we want to get, like, the raw version of you. Do not use it at all. It's a verbal and you'll be judged.
Kevin Connolly: And there's different styles, there.
Sathya Narayanan: I don't know if there's an answer to this question, I apologize. Do you have a sense of the percentage, like, even at a ballpark, are you seeing a trend on that? Is more moving in the direction of, kind of, allowing AI versus not? Can you say…
Kevin Connolly: Absolutely.
Sathya Narayanan: What kind of qualitative, yeah.
Kevin Connolly: Yeah, that's a really… I wish I had that number, but I do not. I think if I were to try and analyze it in our data, I might…
Kevin Connolly: I, you know, because it would… basically, it would be on the job posting and, like, a free-form text description, like, you are or are not asked to, so we'd have to do, like, a…
Kevin Connolly: some analysis of job postings along those lines, but it might be kind of fuzzy. It's a nice idea, but I don't… I don't have an answer offhand. It's mostly from my in-person sort of anecdotal discussion with recruiting teams, where we say this, and they're like, yeah, we're, like, talking about that a lot, you know, or we're not really sure. Some people are just like, we let them use AI all the time.
Kevin Connolly: So it's… it's strictly anecdotal at this point, but I do think it's…
Kevin Connolly: I'd be very confident in saying that, like, people are discussing this, like, as a consideration.
Sathya Narayanan: Is it… is it true that more…
Sathya Narayanan: AA fluency requirements are getting into the job description, or even that is not… I've read kind of places, yeah, people say.
Kevin Connolly: Yeah, I should have… I should have put that… we have… one of the Talent Trend blog posts does… does, an analysis of, the rise of AI
Kevin Connolly: related, skills and descriptions in the job posting body and the job posting title. So we, like, break it out two ways to see, like, is AI starting to creep into the titles of roles themselves?
Kevin Connolly: And I don't recall the percentages change, offhand, but it is, you know, a traditional, like, up and to the right sort of creeping chart.
Jeff D'Andria: I have a question.
Kevin Connolly: I'll try and bring that up as a follow-up.
Sathya Narayanan: Thank you.
Jeff D'Andria: The last bullet, application forms, Yeah.
Kevin Connolly: Yeah.
Jeff D'Andria: about that?
Kevin Connolly: Yeah, that's just… in the age of AI, I do see…
Kevin Connolly: So, like, typically application form will have your resume, but then there'll be, like, additional questions, right? Tell me a little bit about this. Maybe there's, like, two to three, depends on how they wrote it. Free-form text responses. In the old world, I used to index very heavily on those, like, I'd almost read them prior to even looking at a resume, because I want to see how people write and communicate and what they're thinking about.
Kevin Connolly: And it is very common for candidates to just use AI to populate those. And what I think they don't realize is when you are reading literally hundreds of those, when somebody uses AI, even if they tell AI, like.
Kevin Connolly: don't write it like ChatGPT. It's like, 200 other candidates also said don't write it like ChatGPT, and they're not good at how to do distribution generation, and they just, like…
Kevin Connolly: it's very obvious, and I'm sure some people do use AI and get by without sounding so obvious, but, out of those, like, 1,500 applicants for a data analyst role, I can do very high confidence searches for, like.
Kevin Connolly: fixed phrases that just come out of LLM, and probably reject 600 almost immediately.
Kevin Connolly: You know, and it's like… Even if the rest of their experience is, like, legit.
Kevin Connolly: I just don't want somebody… I don't want to hire somebody that's just, like.
Kevin Connolly: half-assing their application, basically, or a startup, we need people that care, you know? So I… I think it's… and I have more on this, but I think it's really important for you to do research about companies and find one you genuinely care about, and then convey that you care about it clearly by writing, or take the time and…
Kevin Connolly: I know it's a tough job market, so, like, empathetically, if you're gonna do 100 job applications, it's hard to do that for all of them.
Kevin Connolly: Maybe you want to have some game theoretic strategy around, like, kind of lightweight, automated, almost, four of these, but, like, you should definitely find ones you care about, and my wager would be the ones that you care about the most are where you'll stand out, and you might get a screening call.